hey Rox hey you told Jasmine I can't
make to the overclass today not mistake
my mistake oh my god what happened to
the door so it's noticeable her look is
Rachel here I really need to talk to her
didn't you two already talk yeah but
okay okay look you guys know that Rachel
and I slept together but there's
something else
Rachel's pregnant oh my god can't
believe it with my child back is brand
new information
you already know don't you little bit
are you doing okay okay I mean I'll be
okay just I don't think I handled it
very well what'd you say to her
nothing but the complaint department at
the condom company got an earful and
then when I turned around she was gone
Oh Roz no but hey my defense I just
found out that condoms are only like 97%
effective what I gotta go find them
oh hey you see yes so you do like 3% of
the time they don't even work huh don't
you put that on the box
evidently they do what can't believe
we're here oh you gotta be kidding
what as a wedding gift to you the hotel
would like to give you the honeymoon
suite well you have been screwing us all
day who are you were you just 10 seconds
later the first-class tickets you got
the lounge I mean we should get free
stuff too I mean only ones on your
honeymoon
you can have the suite if you want no
care about where we stay we're here to
celebrate our love for each other not to
get free stuff we just want to be
together
we need the stuff